adds current-events (#4)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-interlude-2: current-events/activity-current-events.md

# Activity: Current Events

## Goal

Our goal is to create intentional space to discuss current events in technology.

> We want to become part of the conversation between technologists that evolves every day.

Reviewer: "evolves every day" is describing the conversation, but has that confusing intervening clause
prefer among, since there are more than two technologists. 😁 
```suggestion
We want to become part of the ever-evolving conversation among technologists.
```

Through discussion, we should aim to gain awareness of different topics and share what current events are interesting to us.

> Everyone will prepare a presentation of three or less slides to introduce a current event topic of your choice.

Reviewer: countability
```suggestion
Everyone will prepare a presentation of three or fewer slides to introduce a current event topic of your choice.
```

## Preparation

> A slide deck of three or fewer slides should be prepared before activity day. Slide deck requirements are below.
> 
> On the day of presentations, we should be prepared to discuss, present, and share in small groups.

Reviewer: "activity day" sounds like it should be "Activity Day". soften with the article
"below" on its own sounds a little terse to me
changing the description from activity to presentations sounds like the presentation day might be a different day? stick with activity to make it clear this is all the same day
```suggestion
A slide deck of three or fewer slides should be prepared before the activity day. Slide deck requirements are listed below.

On the day of the activity, we should be prepared to discuss, present, and share in small groups.
```

Open discussion about current events can affect us in many ways. Everyone should be prepared to engage in discussions however is best for you. This includes disengaging!

## Activity Instructions

1. Find an article/piece of media that describes a current event about technology that interests you.

> Current events should be topics actively relevant within the last twelve months. Some examples include:
> 
> - A recent news article describing how tech is transforming
> - A documentary on some technology that was built in the last year
> - A thinkpiece on technology written recently
> - Instance of action, resistance, and/or justice related to technology and current events
> 
> Avoid fiction, unless it is unambiguously making a direct connection to a current event.

Reviewer: adjust spacing so this all is displayed under bullet 1
add article for consistent phrasing
and/or considered harmful: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/And/or
```suggestion
   Current events should be topics actively relevant within the last twelve months. Some examples include:

   - A recent news article describing how tech is transforming
   - A documentary on some technology that was built in the last year
   - A thinkpiece on technology written recently
   - An instance of action, resistance, or justice related to technology and current events

   Avoid fiction, unless it is unambiguously making a direct connection to a current event.
```

Author: WOW! TIL about and/or!!!!

Thank you for the consistency, as always!!

> 2. Create a slide deck of three or less slides describing the current event.

Reviewer: countability
```suggestion
2. Create a slide deck of three or fewer slides describing the current event.
```

Author: I'd like it to be on record that I caught a less vs. fewer error of mine in..... some lesson. Hahaha. Thank you again!!

Reviewer: I think it might have been in _this_ lesson! 😆

> 3. On activity day, follow the facilitator's directions to get into small discussion groups.

Reviewer: article to soften
```suggestion
3. On the activity day, follow the facilitator's directions to get into small discussion groups.
```

4. Within the discussion groups, take turns so that every person introduces their current event topic with their own slide deck.

5. After everyone has presented their current event topic, pick a current event to begin the discussion. Then, work together as a team to discuss the following:

>     - How does this news make you feel? Do you feel:
>         - celebratory?
>         - encouraged?
>         - angry?
>         - happy or pleased?
>         - sad?
>         - curious?
>         - amazed?
>         - hungry?
>     - Who are the people most involved or affected by this?
>     - Does this affect me? Why or why not?
>     - How do we learn more?

Reviewer: spacing alignment
standardized the questions on personal voicing. (keeping you for instructions elsewhere)
```suggestion
   - How does this news make me feel? Do I feel:
     - celebratory?
     - encouraged?
     - angry?
     - happy or pleased?
     - sad?
     - curious?
     - amazed?
     - hungry?
   - Who are the people most involved or affected by this?
   - Does this affect me? Why or why not?
   - How do we learn more?
```

Author: This is awesome!!! Huge improvement

6. When the conversation has come to a stop, move to the next topic.

> 7. Congratulate you and your team for engaging in critical discussion! This requires openness, vulnerability, and effort.

Reviewer: reflexivity
```suggestion
7. Congratulate yourself and your team for engaging in critical discussion! This requires openness, vulnerability, and effort.
```

## Slide Deck Requirements

- Your name and pronouns

> - A link to the article/piece of media
> - A description of the contents of the article/piece of media
> - A graphic/photograph/picture/logo

Reviewer: spell out the /s
```suggestion
- A link to the article or piece of media
- A description of the contents of the article or piece of media
- A graphic, photograph, picture, or logo
```

> - Answer this question: Why did you think it was interesting?

Reviewer: personal voicing for the question
```suggestion
- Answer this question: Why did I think it was interesting?
```

- A content warning slide listing all content warnings if relevant (details below)

### !callout-info

## Separation From Current Events

The current news we bring and discuss is not necessarily a reflection of who we are.

### !end-callout

### !callout-success

## Keep Each Other Safe. Keep Yourself Safe.

The safety of marginalized identities in tech is the priority of this activity.

### !end-callout

### !callout-info

## Getting Started

> If you're unsure where to begin research, we can begin with finding recent news any of these topics:

Reviewer: instructions, so voiced to you
removed redundant sounding second begin phrase
missing about
```suggestion
If you're unsure where to begin your research, try finding recent news about any of these topics:
```

> - Successful advancements/achievements in science and technology

Reviewer: spell out the /
```suggestion
- Successful advancements or achievements in science and technology
```

- Net neutrality
- New combinations of new media, art, performance, and technology
- Working conditions in tech
- New findings in space exploration
- Publicized security breaches

### !end-callout

## Content Warning Requirement

Partaking in conversations about current events often means engaging with material that can trigger a strong or potentially harmful emotional response in you or someone else.

> 

Reviewer: spacing
```suggestion

<br/>

```

<details>

> <summary>Create a first, initial slide that lists the content warnings if there's mention of any of the following. This slide should be titled "Content Warnings," and then clearly list the relevant content warnings.</summary>

Reviewer: "first, initial" sounds redundant
```suggestion
<summary>Create an initial slide that lists the content warnings if there's mention of any of the following. This slide should be titled "Content Warnings," and then clearly list the relevant content warnings.</summary>
```

> - Rape and Sexual Assault
> - Abuse (physical, mental, emotional, verbal, sexual)
> - Child abuse/pedophilia
> - Animal cruelty or animal death
> - Self-injurious behavior (self-harm, eating disorders, etc.)
> - Suicide
> - Excessive or gratuitous violence
> - Needles
> - Depiction of pornography (including child pornography)
> - Incest (including any and all elements of romantic or sexual relationships between family, tonal in theme, thought, or activity)
> - Kidnapping (forceful deprivation of/disregard for personal autonomy)
> - Miscarriages/Abortion

Reviewer: capitalization and punctuation
```suggestion
- Rape or sexual assault
- Abuse (physical, mental, emotional, verbal, sexual, etc.)
- Child abuse or pedophilia
- Animal cruelty or animal death
- Self-injurious behavior (self-harm, eating disorders, etc.)
- Suicide
- Excessive or gratuitous violence
- Needles
- Depiction of pornography (including child pornography)
- Incest (including any and all elements of romantic or sexual relationships between family, tonal in theme, thought, or activity)
- Kidnapping (forceful deprivation of, or disregard for, personal autonomy)
- Miscarriages or abortion
```

Author: I'm manually editing your suggestion to remove the "etc." from the list. I think it's more effective in this case to have a definitive list, as I feel that the "etc." opens it up for more interpretation.
